JERRY:Thank you for Calling, Rocket Speed Internet. My name is JERRY, May I please have your 
Phone or Account Number? 
Robert:I'm sorry, can you please, repeat yourself? 
JERRY:I'm sorry, can you hear me OK now? I was asking you, about your Phone or Account 
Number? 
Robert:Well, before I give you my account information , I just wanna let you know that I'm really 
pissed. I can't access my email for almost a week now. I'm paying you guys lots of money, and you 
can't even provide a decent service. What's wrong with you people? YOURSERVICE SUCKS!!! 
JERRY:I'm really sorry for the inconvenience, I would probably feel the same way if I'm in your 
situation. But, don't worry, I promise you that we'll get your issue resolved. Let me get first your 
account number so we can check your account, would that be ok?! 
Robert:Sure, my account number is 860-995-**** 
JERRY:Got it, may I please verify the name on the account? 
Robert:It's Robert W. Smith, I am the account holder. 
JERRY:Can we call you back at the same number, or do you have a better call back number? 
Robert:I'm sorry, I'm having a hard time hearing, can you please, repeat yourself? 
JERRY:Sure, I was just asking you, if we can call you at the same number you gave me, or if you 
have a better call back number? 
Robert:Yes, that's a good call back number. 
JERRY:Ok, based on our test results , it shows here that you are not getting a DSL signal, that's why 
you can't get online or check your email. We can actually fix this problem over the phone, but, I will 
need to walk you through on some steps, would that be ok? 
Robert:I've gone through the steps, believe me, I've checked everything before calling you! 
JERRY:Oh, that's good then, but, can you at least, check for me which lights are lit up on your 
modem. 
Robert:Fine! I have Power and Ethernet lights green on my modem. But, the 3rd light is flashing 
red, which is the DSL light. Are you happy now? 
JERRY:Thank you for your patience! As you could notice, the DSL light is flashing red on your 
modem. That means that you are not getting any dsl signal. The good thing is, based on our 
initial test results here, we do not have network problems or outages in your area. That means, we 
might be able to fix the problem over the phone! 
Robert:Well, that's good then, I'll be a happy camper! 
JERRY:You might have already checked on it. But, since we have the DSL light flashing red on your 
modem, it's telling you right away that there could be something wrong on the DSL line. It's the gray 
phone cord at the back part of the modem. 
Robert:It's right behind my desk, do you want me to crawl down the floor again? 
JERRY:Well, If I send someone out, and they find out that there's just a loose phone cord, then, you 
will get charge for the dispatch. So, we want to resolve the problem over the phone, so we could 
avoid dispatch charges. It will also save your time, that's all we need to check. 
Robert:Ok, but, this is the last step that I'll do. Don't hang up. 
JERRY:Don't worry, I won't hang up on you. 
Robert:Oh my goodness, the gray phone cord was just loose, let me plug that in... Oh my, 
there's now a steady green light on the DSL light of the modem, let me just try now the Internet! 
JERRY:Wow, that's good to know. Let's just see if you can now get online, before we hang up. Can 
you try one or two more websites? 
Robert:Jerry, you are a miracle worker! Thank you so much! It got me now on my homepage 
and email! 
JERRY:No, you did a great job, I was just giving you the steps! You did great today! But, do you 
have anymore questions or other concerns?
Robert:I feel so stupid for calling you about this. 
But, I surely appreciate your time and patience! 
JERRY:You are welcome. We are open 24 by 7 just in case that you'll need our help again. And, 
again, my name is JERRY, we do value your business and thank you for choosing Rocket Speed 
Internet. Have a blessed day